[#1] Add a description for each Extension (#5)
AxonFramework/.github: profile/README.md

 * **[Kafka](#kafka)** - Extension adding [Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/) integration for event streaming
 * **[Kotlin](#kotlin)** - Extension enhancing the development experience when using [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/)
 * **[MongoDB](#mongodb)** - Extension adding [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) integration for all Axon Framework components requiring storage
 * **[Multitenancy](#multitenancy)** - Extension adding building blocks to simplify [multitenancy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multitenancy), particularly straightforward in combination with [Axon Server](https://developer.axoniq.io/axon-server/overview)
 * **[Reactor](#reactor)** - Extension providing Axon Framework-specific infrastructure components using the [Project Reactor](https://projectreactor.io/) API 
 * **[Spring Cloud](#spring-cloud)** - Extension adding [Spring Cloud](https://spring.io/projects/spring-cloud) integration for command routing
 * **[Spring Native](#spring-native)** - Experimental extension providing native compilation for Axon and Spring-based application through the [Spring Native](https://github.com/spring-attic/spring-native) project.  

>  * **[Tracing](#tracing)** - Extension adding [Open Tracing](https://opentracing.io/) integration to Axon's infrastructure components

Reviewer: Maybe leave this one out, as we have deprecated it? Or at least show a deprecation warning

Author: I'll mention it is superseded by the integrated OpenTelemetry support :+1:

### AMQP

The [AMQP Extension](https://github.com/AxonFramework/extension-amqp) repository provides support for the [Advanced Message Queuing Protocol](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Message_Queuing_Protocol) (AMQP).

Users can add this extension to, for example, include a [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/) integration with their Axon Framework application.

> Setting up this integration allows you to publish Axon events onto and read from a queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting up this integration allows you to publish Axon events to an AQMP exchange. Events can also be read from exchanges and handled by event processors, providing means of integrating with other services.
```

### Spring Native

The [Spring Native Extension](https://github.com/AxonFramework/extension-spring-native) repository enables integration with the [Spring Native](https://github.com/spring-attic/spring-native) project.

This extension allows you to compile to a native image whenever you combine Axon Framework with Spring.

Note that the current Spring Native Extension is an experimental release.
The extension is experimental since the project we based it on is an experimental release too.

As an experimental release, you may expect rigorous changes in the API whenever a new release is published.
Please keep that in mind when using this extension.

### Tracing

The [Tracing Extension](https://github.com/AxonFramework/extension-tracing) repository enables integration with [Open Tracing](https://opentracing.io/).

When using this extension, you will replace the `Command-` and `QueryGateway` with implementations that attach span information to your `Messages`.
Furthermore, when handling a `Message`, a dedicated `MessageHandlerInterceptor` ensures the span is populated on the overall trace.

> Although this is valuable, it is essential to mention that the Open Tracing implementation has been archived in favor of [Open Telemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/).

Reviewer: Ah, there is a deprecation notice
